docs(schemas): provide list with predefined schemas (#3186)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/themes/sass/schemas.md

Now the value of `$my-avatar-schema` will contain all properties of `$_light-avatar`, but the value for `background` will have be `limegreen`.

## Predefined Schemas

> We provide predefined light and dark schemas that we use with our main palettes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide predefined light and dark schemas that we use in our theme presets:
```

- Light Schemas

>     - $light-schema

Reviewer: Let's not mention this as I want to remove this in the future.

>     - $light-schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     - $light-material-schema (an alias of $light-schema)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - $light-material-schema
```

    - $light-fluent-schema
    - $light-bootstrap-schema
    - $light-indigo-schema
- Dark Schemas

>     - $dark-schema

Reviewer: Same for the $dark-schema.
```suggestion
```

>     - $dark-material-schema (an alias of $dark-schema)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - $dark-material-schema
```
